README.md, before:

# DossierCloudFormationRuby

The Dossier System is an [AWS CloudFormation][] and [AWS Lambda][] project that publishes [Latex][] documents to
[Dropbox][]. The problem that this system solves is:
  1. Neither Latex PDFs or intermediary files are commited to the source repository
  2. The projects are built in a reproducable manner
  3. The Latex PDFs are published to an easily accessible location

(2) is solved by using [Docker][] and (3) is solved by using AWS Lambda to publish the artifacts from building the Latex
documents to Dropbox.

The system, pictorially, looks like the following pipeline:
<p align="center">
  <img src="doc/DossierSystem.jpg" width="80%" height="80%"/>
</p>

The S3DropboxLambda project is located on GitHub at [S3DropboxLambda][].

[AWS CloudFormation]: https://aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/
[AWS Lambda]: https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/
[Latex]: https://www.latex-project.org/
[Docker]: https://www.docker.com/
[Dropbox]: https://www.dropbox.com/
[S3DropboxLambda]: https://github.com/ErrorsAndGlitches/S3DropboxLambda

# DossierCloudFormationRuby: The CloudFormation Stack

The DossierCloudFormationRuby project deploys the CloudFormation Stack for the Dossier System. This includes the
pipelines for both the Latex documentation and S3DropboxLambda deployment. CloudFormation provides a programatic and
reproducible approach to generating, connecting, and retiring AWS resources.

# Installation

Installation is achieved using `bundle` with the package's `Gemfile`:
```
  bundle install
```

# Usage

The CloudFormation project is run using [Rake][] tasks. Use the following to print a list of tasks along with a
description of each task: `rake --tasks`. Different commands require task arguments. The following table provides a
description of each. The `Name` is the name of the argument, which is printed in `rake --tasks`.

| Name                   | Description                                                                                                                     |
|------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `GitHubOauthToken`     | The OAuth token used to access the GitHub repository containing the S3DropboxLambda project                                     |
| `BuildFailurePhoneNum` | In the event of a build failure, the phone number to send an alert SMS to                                                       |
| `StageNum`             | The CloudFormation stack stage, see [Multi-Stage CloudFormation Stack Deployment](#multi-stage-cloudformation-stack-deployment) |
| `DropboxToken`         | A Dropbox access token used to connect to a specific user's account                                                             |

The `DropboxToken` is the plain text token that is encrypted using KMS during the second stage deployment.

[Rake]: http://rake.rubyforge.org/

## Multi-Stage CloudFormation Stack Deployment

The CloudFormation stack requires two stages to be deployed. There are two reasons for this:
  1. There is a circular dependency between the trigger S3 bucket and the AWS Lambda function
      * The S3 bucket notification configuration requires the AWS Lambda Function ARN
      * The AWS Lambda function requires the S3 bucket's ARN to grant the bucket permission to invoke it
  2. The Dropbox Access Token needs to be encrypted by the CloudFormation stack's KMS key and provided to the Lambda
      Function as an environment variable. It is **strongly** recommend by AWS Lambda to encrypt sensitive information
      stored in environment variables before deploying the Lambda function ([ref][]).

The stages are deployed via (the third argument is the stage number):
```
  rake dossier:deploy_stage[OAUTH_TOKEN,PHONE_NUM,0,DBX_ACCESS_TOKEN]
  rake dossier:deploy_stage[OAUTH_TOKEN,PHONE_NUM,1,DBX_ACCESS_TOKEN]
```

[ref]: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/env_variables.html

# Project Structure

| Folder   | Description                                                                                            |
|----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| bin      | Contains the `create-dossier-cf-template.rb`, which should not be invoked directly; use the rake tasks |
| lib      | Library files used by the `create-dossier-cf-template.rb` script                                       |
| rakelib  | Library files used by the Rakefile                                                                     |
| sharelib | Library files used as a contract between the Rakefile and the `create-dossier-cf-template.rb` script   |

Commit message:

Update CF to support short term dropbox credentials
## Problem
Dropbox is deprecating long term credentials. The Dossier project needs to be updated to support short term credentials.

## Solution
Add support for the Lambda function having permission to retrieve and store credentials in a serialized object in S3.

Docker is also throttling anonymous access to images and so the Latex Code Build image was moved to ECR. Update
CodeBuild to use the ECR image.

## Test
Updated the CloudFormation in account and tested Dossier build.

README.md, after:

# DossierCloudFormationRuby

The Dossier System is an [AWS CloudFormation][] and [AWS Lambda][] project that publishes [Latex][] documents to
[Dropbox][]. The problem that this system solves is:

1. Neither Latex PDFs or intermediary files are commited to the source repository
2. The projects are built in a reproducable manner
3. The Latex PDFs are published to an easily accessible location

(2) is solved by using [Docker][] and (3) is solved by using AWS Lambda to publish the artifacts from building the Latex
documents to Dropbox.

The system, pictorially, looks like the following pipeline:

<p align="center">
  <img src="doc/DossierSystem.jpg" width="80%" height="80%"/>
</p>

The S3DropboxLambda project is located on GitHub at [S3DropboxLambda][].

[AWS CloudFormation]: https://aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/
[AWS Lambda]: https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/
[Latex]: https://www.latex-project.org/
[Docker]: https://www.docker.com/
[Dropbox]: https://www.dropbox.com/
[S3DropboxLambda]: https://github.com/ErrorsAndGlitches/S3DropboxLambda

# DossierCloudFormationRuby: The CloudFormation Stack

The DossierCloudFormationRuby project deploys the CloudFormation Stack for the Dossier System. This includes the
pipelines for both the Latex documentation and S3DropboxLambda deployment. CloudFormation provides a programatic and
reproducible approach to generating, connecting, and retiring AWS resources.

# Installation

Installation is achieved using `bundle` with the package's `Gemfile`:

```
bundle install
```

# Usage

The CloudFormation project is run using [Rake][] tasks. Use the following to print a list of tasks along with a
description of each task: `rake --tasks`. Different commands require task arguments. The following table provides a
description of each. The `Name` is the name of the argument, which is printed in `rake --tasks`.

| Name                   | Description                                                                                                                     |
|------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `GitHubOauthToken`     | The OAuth token used to access the GitHub repository containing the S3DropboxLambda project                                     |
| `BuildFailurePhoneNum` | In the event of a build failure, the phone number to send an alert SMS to                                                       |
| `StageNum`             | The CloudFormation stack stage, see [Multi-Stage CloudFormation Stack Deployment](#multi-stage-cloudformation-stack-deployment) |

[Rake]: http://rake.rubyforge.org/

## Multi-Stage CloudFormation Stack Deployment

The CloudFormation stack requires two stages to be deployed. The reason for this because there
is a circular dependency between the trigger S3 bucket and the AWS Lambda function:

* The S3 bucket notification configuration requires the AWS Lambda Function ARN
* The AWS Lambda function requires the S3 bucket's ARN to grant the bucket permission to invoke it

The stages are deployed via (the third argument is the stage number):

```
# run on CLI
rake dossier:deploy_stage'[OAUTH_TOKEN,PHONE_NUM,0]'
rake dossier:deploy_stage'[OAUTH_TOKEN,PHONE_NUM,1]'
```

# Project Structure

| Folder   | Description                                                                                            |
|----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| bin      | Contains the `create-dossier-cf-template.rb`, which should not be invoked directly; use the rake tasks |
| lib      | Library files used by the `create-dossier-cf-template.rb` script                                       |
| rakelib  | Library files used by the Rakefile                                                                     |
| sharelib | Library files used as a contract between the Rakefile and the `create-dossier-cf-template.rb` script   |
